docs: updated broken link with v6 query-types (#395)
sequelize/website: docs/core-concepts/raw-queries.md

// We didn't need to destructure the result here - the results were returned directly
```

> Several other query types are available. [Peek into the source for details](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/v6/src/query-types.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several other query types are available. [Peek into the source for details](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/main/packages/core/src/query-types.ts).
```
These are not the versioned docs so they should direct to v7 code. A simple update of the new location should be fine, I don't expect them to move again soon

Reviewer 2: Specifically this is the docs for v7 which is main, the doc for V6 is in the versionned_docs/V6 folder

Author: rip!
